update: use external identity example from TF repo (#819)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/products/kafka/howto/terraform-governance-approvals.md

### Step 2. Map GitHub users to Aiven identities

> To verify requesters and approvers, assign them to the appropriate user group

Reviewer: This is not something I'm super familiar with, but should this instead say something about the user ID mapping instead of groups since it's now only the external_identity resource?
```suggestion
To verify requesters and approvers, map their GitHub user IDs to their Aiven user IDs
```

Author: Good point and makes sense. I will update this.
